hey what's up guys the explanation pro
is here today i'll explain a neurotic
comedy film titled what every french
woman wants spoilers incoming the movie
kicks off with mrs mueller and a 60 year
old boy roger who returns home during
his summer vacation the two are riding a
carriage to roger's household upon
setting his foot on the destination the
boy is greeted by his lovely mother his
mama notices his clothes and the servant
volunteers to wipe the dirt off of them
she reminds him that purity of the heart
begins with clothing and shoes a little
girl excitedly gives roger a hug she
happens to be bertha rogers little
sister roger and their little girl go
outside with a dog they visit mr and mrs
mueller on the farm they see horses dogs
and fishes in the pond mrs mueller
approaches and introduces them to her
husband right after that the old missus
excuses herself or she must take a leak
a shock expression is written all over
roger's face he can't believe what he is
witnessing mrs mueller slightly lifts
her dress and pees like it is nothing
standing up it was indeed a sight to see
the young lad disregards the idea as he
ventures his way on the farm he even
spots mr mueller kneeling with a bouquet
in front of a tomb of a woman he cannot
seem to discern who he accidentally
steps on a twig while trying to hide
behind a tree with this he runs as fast
as he possibly can but the guy is a
clumsy one so he trips over and falls
flat on his face he immediately fixes
himself after hearing a series of weird
noises and giggling somewhere nearby
on the other side of a huge rock is a
raised foot in a black boot rocking back
and forth roger's curious about what the
matter is so he peeks his eyes widen
with what he sees it looks like one of
his mama's servants is enjoying her
spare time a little bit too much eh
hiding behind a rock shagging with a man
he doesn't know who roger beats a hasty
retreat later that night when roger is
about to sleep he hears a series of
moans again he follows the sound and
it's coming from a room not too far from
his there he observes how one of his
mama's servants tossing a hot dog down
the hallway she is holding a tray of
kettle and teacups all clothed then
access nothing happened it is helen he
thought the boy comes back to his
bedroom he is not surprised to see his
little sister in his bed because he
knows that she can be a little bit
clingy sometimes helen asks his opinion
about aunt marguerite and how ugly mr
frank is roger has his eyes and interest
at the thought of helen he bites his
lower lip as he imagines himself with
her
he can fill her he came back to reality
after hearing bert's voice asking what
the bulge beneath the sheet is but he
chooses not to tell her
roger also complains about how women
pack the houses a servant hears their
voices so she tells the siblings to
sleep in their respective rooms which
bertha is not in favor of she still did
it anyway the next day roger and bertha
decided to loaf around the area they are
talking behind a tree when a group of
women walks into the scene to take a
bath in a pond nearby
the siblings listen to their chit chats
when the three men who look like farmers
arrive they pee straight into the pond
and talks about one of the women
ursula's bum she instantly stands up and
lifts her skirt off exhibiting her bare
bottom to show her rump
the men look satisfied yet there is
roger once again stunned by what he saw
mr joso comes home from the factory that
day together with roger's older sister
alyssa she is wearing a glorious pink
dress which suits her innocent face she
greets bertha gave her family a peck on
the cheek apart from roger whom she
gives a forehead kiss their father is
pretty business minded he shows them his
collections of military medals he seems
to be very proud of it a servant calls
them from lunch to be ready so they all
go to the dining room to eat a lavish
meal together it is a rare occasion for
them to share a meal and as much as the
head of the family is always out for
business on mr joseph's way to the
kitchen he comes across an old
photograph of him riding a horse he says
it is a beast that horse it threw him
after only 3 weeks of marriage injuring
him he admits that he wanted to become a
general but had to retire because of his
leg since then he had to try to restore
his military rank simultaneously roger
follows one of the farmers to the barn
he watches as he passes a few sacks of
what knots to a lever up to the female
servants he is hiding between two narrow
walls he then absentmindedly stares at
the figure of woman on top of him as
they are dancing without any underwear
on he can see right through their
dresses
his daydreams were interrupted by a
former who shows him a mischievous grin
and accuses him of peeking he then
amusesly threw a bundle of hay straight
to his face quite annoyed roger left the
place bertha notices his brother so she
invites him to listen to father gabriel
in the confessional the little girl
reveals that it has become her hobby
since then the two lays on top of the
confessional room as they listen to mrs
mueller confessing
it doesn't last long because the woman
is about to finish her confessions when
they arrive when mrs mueller leaves so
does bertha he encourages his brother to
enjoy it because it can be funny at
times roger pays attention to the next
person it is aunt marguerite she takes a
sit on the confessional she confesses
something about swooning over his nephew
roger has a wild guess that it's
probably him the more he gets engaged in
the talk the more he moves and fidgets
around he doesn't realize his position
so he fell from the top of the
confessional surprising both his aunt
and father gabriel at home her mother
gives him a beating in front of the
servants and his sisters father gabriel
gives him the punishment of ten lashes
he kneels with his backside out that
night bertner tries to uplift his
brother's mood by saying that what
happened was because of the boredom and
nothing else she then departs the room
to sleep on her own another scenario is
happening in one of the rooms nearby a
maid is being screwed it's probably
helen she is just walking on the
corridor when the door opens lifts her
skirt and there is that
the maid leaves without any words it
looks like she has done it a couple of
times with her hips swinging like
bamboos during a storm she flees the
place on the other side is roger who
cannot help himself but to watch a man
passes by him when she is staring at the
figure of the maid as it leaves he
doesn't care roger decides to follow
helen when another maid notices him and
asks if his bomb still hurts he asks
about helen but the maid doesn't want
him to know
roger then climbs up the attic where he
meets uncle frank there he observes not
the stars not the sun moon or planets
but the two lovers horizontal
refreshment in the backyard he also
notices a book full of stripped women
roger is a little intimidated about what
he knows in growing up in a conservative
household makes it hard for him to feel
better about his sexual awakening while
the lad is on his way to his room
another temptation stops him from
walking it is his parents room with yet
again weird noises coming out of it
mr romano his sister's man plans to tell
his parents about it in one condition
roger must obey whatever his orders are
he cleans his car but also pranks him by
putting the pail of water before him so
he can fall and trip he got his
redemption and he is satisfied with it
after getting the job done he goes to
the born to look at the book he hid
there the other night roger startled to
see the lady got stuck in what is
supposed to be a window he attempts to
save her but she refuses the boy gets
out of the place when he sees the former
behind the lady something's quite odd
the man just gives him its signature
mischievous grin on the other hand mr
romano drags roger down as the family
gathers to discuss things her mothers
called her while elissa grabs the book
roger tries to hide in the born a while
ago his sister seems to like the content
because he saw her reading it later that
day
roger walks into the kitchen to meet
ursula he goes behind her as he always
sees men due to women in their household
but ursula suddenly smashes the plate on
his head she apologizes afterwards and
continues with her work roger
immediately runs away from the area with
one thing in his mind
he must get laid it's now or never for
him desperate he goes after mrs mueller
while mr mueller is praying at the altar
and she leans forward to grab his
attention but instead she feels roger on
her back she struggles to resist so she
allows him but someone arrives with bad
news
this makes mr mueller stand up and go
towards the man the news states germany
declares war with france
despite the declaration of war roger's
father invites friends to celebrate
their victory this is something the
young lad isn't fully aware of there's
only one thing running inside his head
and he won't waste any time to let that
happen
one day while ursula is working roger
makes his move however bertha catches
him so she follows her amorous brother
but she doesn't want to ruin his fun so
she waits outside inside the room ursula
and the young master finally did it
that's roger's first and he feels
amazing on his way out he notices bertha
frowning she teases him about what
happened but he doesn't give her a
definite answer the word spreads easily
among women about what the young master
and ursula did they all want the taste
of the young boy and roger is enjoying
it his experience is increasing every
day one day with a fair lady by the pond
and even had the temptation to do it
with his aunt while they are listening
to his parents do kings for their
intercourse uncle frank shows roger
another device where he can see
provocative pictures once again they are
at war but roger seems to be having a
war as well eventually while at the
horse ranch roger does the hanky-panky
with the lady grooming the horses not
long after three women can be seen in
one bed together with him
daylight comes and elissa shares a
secret to his brother roger about her
being pregnant as soon as she said that
mr romano's aircraft flies around the
villa the entire family waits for him to
land he is from the war so they adore
him for his courage and his patriarchy
nevertheless roger's in trouble for
ursula is also expecting a child so he
must marry her still undecided who the
father is though not only does ursula's
pregnancy but delicious relationship
with mr romano is on the line as well he
doesn't want to commit anything just yet
because his country needs him this
causes roger to make mr romano believe
that elissa is not pregnant so he can
marry her without any doubts
aside from this dilemma roger helps on
marguerite to make her presence be
fought by mr frank whom she has feelings
with everything is going well so roger
treats himself to another fabulous night
with the girls
after a few days alyssa and mr romano
say their vows to each other at the
wedding before the groom departs for his
duty whereas roger bids his goodbye to
everyone because his summer vacation has
reached its end as he collects his
luggage he figures out that helen is
also pregnant but is not expecting a
husband to sustain her the movie ends in
front of the house where it also started
the servants with whom roger spent most
of his vacation are also there to watch
him retreat at last before leaving he
hears his mother say there are many
temptations for a young man especially
in times of war that was a very horny
movie thank you so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video please hit the
like button and also subscribe to my
channel for more videos like this see
you in the next video